c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.apk
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.apk
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\bin\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.dll.mdb
C:\Users\johnn_000\Documents\Byuunion\Senior_projectnew.git\Xamarin\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet Native Portable\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid\obj\Debug\MeetMeet_Native_Portable.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
